chore: make it possible to debug integration tests with sbt or IDE (#2327)
dasch-swiss/dsp-api: docs/05-internals/development/testing.md

```

.NOTE
_The integration tests currently depend on a locally published Sipi container, the make target helps you with that._

## Debugging

> You can debug unit test directly in your IDE. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can debug unit tests directly in your IDE. 
```

> For debugging the integration test locally with `sbt` or you IDE you need to have a fresh SIPI container build:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For debugging the integration tests locally with `sbt` or your IDE you need to have a fresh SIPI container build:
```
